docs/plugins/CrawlLinks.md, before:

---
title: CrawlLinks
tags:
  - plugin/transformer
---

This plugin parses links and processes them to point to the right places. It is also needed for embedded links (like images). See [[Obsidian compatibility]] for more information.

> [!note]
> For information on how to add, remove or configure plugins, see the [[configuration#Plugins|Configuration]] page.

This plugin accepts the following configuration options:

- `markdownLinkResolution`: Sets the strategy for resolving Markdown paths, can be `"absolute"` (default), `"relative"` or `"shortest"`. You should use the same setting here as in [[Obsidian compatibility|Obsidian]].
  - `absolute`: Path relative to the root of the content folder.
  - `relative`: Path relative to the file you are linking from.
  - `shortest`: Name of the file. If this isn't enough to identify the file, use the full absolute path.
- `prettyLinks`: If `true` (default), simplifies links by removing folder paths, making them more user friendly (e.g. `folder/deeply/nested/note` becomes `note`).
- `openLinksInNewTab`: If `true`, configures external links to open in a new tab. Defaults to `false`.
- `lazyLoad`: If `true`, adds lazy loading to resource elements (`img`, `video`, etc.) to improve page load performance. Defaults to `false`.
- `externalLinkIcon`: Adds an icon next to external links when `true` (default) to visually distinguishing them from internal links.

> [!warning]
> Removing this plugin is _not_ recommended and will likely break the page.

## API

- Category: Transformer
- Function name: `Plugin.CrawlLinks()`.
- Source: [`quartz/plugins/transformers/links.ts`](https://github.com/jackyzha0/quartz/blob/v4/quartz/plugins/transformers/links.ts).

Commit message:

feat(frontmatter): Add an option to index frontmatter wikilinks
I was missing this feature and implemented it, not knowing that there
was #944 already ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

Looking at it now I think that my impl is a little better, and I'd love
to have it upstreamed.

Closes #820 and #944

docs/plugins/CrawlLinks.md, after:

---
title: CrawlLinks
tags:
  - plugin/transformer
---

This plugin parses links and processes them to point to the right places. It is also needed for embedded links (like images). See [[Obsidian compatibility]] for more information.

> [!note]
> For information on how to add, remove or configure plugins, see the [[configuration#Plugins|Configuration]] page.

This plugin accepts the following configuration options:

- `markdownLinkResolution`: Sets the strategy for resolving Markdown paths, can be `"absolute"` (default), `"relative"` or `"shortest"`. You should use the same setting here as in [[Obsidian compatibility|Obsidian]].
  - `absolute`: Path relative to the root of the content folder.
  - `relative`: Path relative to the file you are linking from.
  - `shortest`: Name of the file. If this isn't enough to identify the file, use the full absolute path.
- `prettyLinks`: If `true` (default), simplifies links by removing folder paths, making them more user friendly (e.g. `folder/deeply/nested/note` becomes `note`).
- `openLinksInNewTab`: If `true`, configures external links to open in a new tab. Defaults to `false`.
- `lazyLoad`: If `true`, adds lazy loading to resource elements (`img`, `video`, etc.) to improve page load performance. Defaults to `false`.
- `externalLinkIcon`: Adds an icon next to external links when `true` (default) to visually distinguishing them from internal links.
- `indexFrontmatterWikilinks`: If `true`, parses Obsidian-style wikilinks in the frontmatter and adds them to the graph (including things like backlinks) as if they were part of the note content. Defaults to `false`.

> [!warning]
> Removing this plugin is _not_ recommended and will likely break the page.

## API

- Category: Transformer
- Function name: `Plugin.CrawlLinks()`.
- Source: [`quartz/plugins/transformers/links.ts`](https://github.com/jackyzha0/quartz/blob/v4/quartz/plugins/transformers/links.ts).
